The
He went to Matsuzaka-cho to live in the mansion.
He did not do anything wrong.
He gave the money to the Tokugawa family.
He gave it to them with his own hands.
He did not take revenge on his wife.
He opened the mansion.
He lived there for a year and ten months.
He was very determined.
The day of his death was December 14, 1965.
He was with 50 people.
Often people gather around where no guests come
All people gather in order to find solace in the great watersή
And the tree sunlight makes all the all- moring
The god of the sky is not here.
In the night of snow, the king of the Kira is here.
Time is short, and the king is not here.
The four hundred and six men are ready to obey the king.
When the king comes to the Kira, he is in a good mood.
The king is in the hands of the king.
The king is on the roof of the Kira.